In this lesson, you learned about some core steps that you take to design a backtest.
You practiced incorporating a time delay to account for when information is
received and to allow for trading into the desired position.
You also learn to model transaction costs and design
the optimization with computational efficiency in mind.
I hope you'll have some fun adjusting
the backtest design and seeing how this affects your backtest results.
You'll also get a chance to customize your backtest in the project.
Coming up next, we'll look at how to interpret the Profit and Loss of your alphas by
identifying what factors contributed to the final P&L and by how much.
This process is called performance attribution.
It's what you'll learn in the next lesson. Stay tuned.